maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:41:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'android.widget'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:41:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'android.widget'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:56:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:56:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_FETCH_MAPS_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_FETCH_MAPS_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:62:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:66:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:66:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refreshButton' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'refreshButton' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:90:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:90:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:90:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:90:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewHolder' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewHolder' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'webMapItems' (lines '111'-'152').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'webMapItems' (lines '111'-'152').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'webMapItems' (lines '111'-'152').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'webMapItems' (lines '111'-'152').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portal' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portal' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:117:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalUser' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalUser' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:127:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:127:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rootItems' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rootItems' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:138:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:138:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:141:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:141:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:141:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:141:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:142:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:142:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:143:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:143:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:148:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:148:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:149:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:149:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:182:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:182:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:182:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:185:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:185:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:199:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:199:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:203:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:203:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:207:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'convertView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'convertView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:232:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:232:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalItem' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalItem' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:234:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:235:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:250:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:250:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:251:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:251:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:251:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the title field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:251:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the title field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:251:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:251:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:251:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:251:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the thumbnailImageView field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the thumbnailImageView field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailImageView
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:253:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailImageView
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:255:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:255:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:255:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the portalItem field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:255:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the portalItem field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:255:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:255:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:255:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:255:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the thumbnailFetchTask field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the thumbnailFetchTask field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailFetchTask
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:257:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailFetchTask
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:264:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the fetchTumbnail method if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:264:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the fetchTumbnail method if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:264:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:264:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:281:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:281:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:281:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:281:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:283:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:283:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:283:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'viewHolder' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:283:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'viewHolder' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '289'-'297').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '289'-'297').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '289'-'297').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '289'-'297').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '289'-'320').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '289'-'320').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '289'-'320').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '289'-'320').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:289:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:297:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '297'-'320').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:297:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '297'-'320').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:297:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '297'-'320').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:297:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailBytes' (lines '297'-'320').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'options' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'options' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:314:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:314:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:314:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/ContentBrowserFragment.java:314:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/DrawerItem.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:25:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:25:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:25:	ExcessivePublicCount:	ExcessivePublicCount: This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:25:	ExcessivePublicCount:	ExcessivePublicCount: This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:110:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.esri.arcgisruntime.tasks.networkanalysis'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:110:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.esri.arcgisruntime.tasks.networkanalysis'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MapFragment' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 88 (highest 5).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MapFragment' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 88 (highest 5).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	ExcessiveClassLength:	ExcessiveClassLength: Avoid really long classes.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	ExcessiveClassLength:	ExcessiveClassLength: Avoid really long classes.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=88, ATFD=312, TCC=17.092%)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=88, ATFD=312, TCC=17.092%)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MapFragment' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MapFragment' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MapFragment' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MapFragment' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:116:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:118:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:118:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:120:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:122:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:122:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:122:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_PORTAL_ITEM_ID
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:122:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_PORTAL_ITEM_ID
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:124:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:124:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_BASEMAP_ITEM_ID
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:124:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_BASEMAP_ITEM_ID
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:126:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_IS_LOCATION_TRACKING
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:126:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_IS_LOCATION_TRACKING
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:128:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_ROUTE_SEARCH_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:128:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_ROUTE_SEARCH_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:130:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_REVERSE_GEOCODING_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:130:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_REVERSE_GEOCODING_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:132:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like COLUMN_NAME_ADDRESS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:132:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like COLUMN_NAME_ADDRESS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:138:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_CODE_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:138:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_CODE_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:142:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:144:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:144:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:146:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:148:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:150:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:150:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:157:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:157:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:157:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:157:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:158:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:158:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:158:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:158:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:161:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:161:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:161:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mCompass field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:161:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mCompass field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:161:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:161:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:161:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:161:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mCompassFrameParams field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mCompassFrameParams field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCompassFrameParams
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:162:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mCompassFrameParams
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:163:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:163:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:163:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mNavButton field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:163:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mNavButton field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:163:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:163:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:163:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:163:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:164:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:164:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:164:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mDrawerLayout field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:164:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mDrawerLayout field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:164:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:164:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:164:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:165:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:165:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:165:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mDrawerList field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:165:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mDrawerList field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:165:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:165:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:165:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:166:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:166:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:166:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:167:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:167:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:167:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:167:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:167:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBasemapPortalItemId
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:167:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBasemapPortalItemId
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:168:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:168:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:168:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:168:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:169:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:169:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:171:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:171:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:171:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:171:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:172:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:172:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:172:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:172:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:173:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:173:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:173:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:173:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:173:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mLocation'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:173:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mLocation'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:175:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:175:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:175:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:175:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:176:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:176:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:176:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:176:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:177:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:177:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:177:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:177:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:177:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mLocationLayerPointString
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:177:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mLocationLayerPointString
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:179:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:179:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:179:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:179:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:180:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:180:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:180:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:180:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRoutingDirections
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:180:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRoutingDirections
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:181:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:181:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:181:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:181:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:182:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:182:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:182:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:182:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:183:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:183:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:183:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:183:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:184:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:184:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:184:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:184:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:185:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:185:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:185:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:185:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:186:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:186:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:186:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:186:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:187:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:187:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:187:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:187:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mStartLocationName
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mStartLocationName
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:188:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	OneDeclarationPerLine: Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:189:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:189:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:189:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:189:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:190:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:190:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:190:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:190:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:191:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:191:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:191:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:191:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:191:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mReverseGeocodeParams
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:191:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mReverseGeocodeParams
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:192:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:192:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:192:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:192:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:193:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:193:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:193:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:193:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:194:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:194:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:194:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:194:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:195:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:195:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:195:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:195:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:197:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:197:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:197:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:197:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:197:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:197:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:201:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:201:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:201:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapPortalItemId
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:201:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapPortalItemId
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'basemapPortalItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'basemapPortalItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'portalItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'portalItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapFragment' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapFragment' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:204:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:213:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:213:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:217:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:217:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oAuthConfiguration' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oAuthConfiguration' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:225:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like oAuthConfiguration
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:225:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like oAuthConfiguration
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authenticationChallengeHandler' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authenticationChallengeHandler' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:227:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationChallengeHandler
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:227:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationChallengeHandler
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:239:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:239:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:239:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:243:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:243:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:247:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:247:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'defaultBaseMapURL' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'defaultBaseMapURL' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:274:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like visibleAreaChangedEvent
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:274:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like visibleAreaChangedEvent
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:274:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibleAreaChangedEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:274:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibleAreaChangedEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:283:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:283:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:290:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:290:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:295:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:295:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:304:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:304:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:304:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:304:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:306:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:306:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:307:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:307:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:307:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:309:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:309:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:309:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:309:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:311:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:311:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:312:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:312:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:316:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:316:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:318:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:318:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:320:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:320:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:334:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:349:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:349:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:358:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:358:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:362:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:362:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:362:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:362:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'outState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:369:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:369:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:380:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapPortalItemId
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:380:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapPortalItemId
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:389:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalItem' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:389:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalItem' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:396:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'webPortalItem' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:396:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'webPortalItem' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:397:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapWebMap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:397:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapWebMap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:404:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:404:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:406:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:406:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:407:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:407:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:431:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:431:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:437:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LEFT_MARGIN_SEARCH' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:438:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'RIGHT_MARGIN_SEARCH' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:439:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_SEARCH' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:451:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 50000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:451:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 50000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:459:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:459:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:472:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:472:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:481:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'HEIGHT' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:481:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'HEIGHT' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:481:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'HEIGHT' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:481:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'HEIGHT' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:481:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'HEIGHT' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:481:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'HEIGHT' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:482:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'WIDTH' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:482:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'WIDTH' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:482:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'WIDTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:482:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'WIDTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:482:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'WIDTH' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:482:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'WIDTH' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:485:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TOP_MARGIN_COMPASS' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:487:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LEFT_MARGIN_COMPASS' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:488:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BOTTOM_MARGIN_COMPASS' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:489:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'RIGHT_MARGIN_COMPASS' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:500:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:500:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:500:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:500:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:519:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routingFrag' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:519:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routingFrag' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:522:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:522:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:522:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:522:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:523:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:523:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arguments' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'arguments' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:531:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ft' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:531:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ft' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:531:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ft
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:531:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ft
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:532:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:532:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:532:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prev' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:532:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prev' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:536:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:536:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:552:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:552:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:557:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:557:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:557:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'direction' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:557:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'direction' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:560:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:560:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:560:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:560:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:560:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'vp' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:560:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'vp' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:560:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vp
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:560:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like vp
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:565:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:565:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:565:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:565:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:565:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:565:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:573:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:573:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:573:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'showSearchBoxLayout' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:573:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'showSearchBoxLayout' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:573:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'showSearchBoxLayout' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:573:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'showSearchBoxLayout' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:580:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:580:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:581:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:581:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:586:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:586:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:586:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:586:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:602:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ivRoute' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:602:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ivRoute' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:617:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:617:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:617:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:617:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:618:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:618:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:627:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:627:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:629:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:629:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:634:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newText' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:634:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newText' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:635:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:635:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:635:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:635:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:636:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:636:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:637:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:637:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:646:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:646:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:646:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:646:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:647:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:647:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:647:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:647:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:655:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:655:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:660:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:660:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:663:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:663:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:663:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:663:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:663:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cursor' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:663:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cursor' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:664:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:664:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:664:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexColumnSuggestion' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:664:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'indexColumnSuggestion' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:664:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like indexColumnSuggestion
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:664:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like indexColumnSuggestion
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:665:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:665:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:668:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:668:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:670:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:670:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:681:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cols' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:681:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cols' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:689:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cols' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:689:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cols' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:690:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'to' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:690:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'to' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:690:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:690:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:691:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mSuggestionAdapter' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:691:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mSuggestionAdapter' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:691:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mSuggestionAdapter
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:691:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mSuggestionAdapter
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:703:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getSuggestions' should not return void linguistically
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:703:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getSuggestions' should not return void linguistically
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:720:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:720:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:720:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:720:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:723:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:723:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:723:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:723:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:733:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:733:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:735:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:735:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:735:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:735:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:737:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:737:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:748:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'suggestions' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:748:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'suggestions' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:753:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '753'-'759').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:753:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '753'-'759').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:754:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:754:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:756:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:756:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:769:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'TYPE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:769:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	FormalParameterNamingConventions: The method parameter name 'TYPE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:769:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'TYPE' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:769:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'TYPE' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:769:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TYPE' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:769:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TYPE' starts with uppercase character.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:808:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:808:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:808:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The final local variable name 'TAG_LOCATOR_PROGRESS_DIALOG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:808:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The final local variable name 'TAG_LOCATOR_PROGRESS_DIALOG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:808:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_LOCATOR_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:808:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_LOCATOR_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:811:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:811:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:813:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:813:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:814:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:814:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:814:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:814:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:817:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:817:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:819:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchedSuggestion' (lines '819'-'824').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:819:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchedSuggestion' (lines '819'-'824').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:819:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchedSuggestion' (lines '819'-'824').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:819:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchedSuggestion' (lines '819'-'824').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:821:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:821:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:822:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:822:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:828:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:828:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:838:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationResults' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:838:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationResults' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:839:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:839:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:841:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:841:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:845:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:845:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:854:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:854:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:868:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultPoint' (lines '868'-'873').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:868:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultPoint' (lines '868'-'873').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:869:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultAddress' (lines '869'-'874').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:869:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultAddress' (lines '869'-'874').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:869:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultAddress' (lines '869'-'887').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:869:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultAddress' (lines '869'-'887').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:870:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:870:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:874:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultAddress' (lines '874'-'887').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:874:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultAddress' (lines '874'-'887').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:880:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:880:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:890:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:890:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:890:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:890:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:893:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:893:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:893:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:893:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:894:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:894:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:894:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'drawable' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:894:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'drawable' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:895:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultSymbol' (lines '895'-'897').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:895:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultSymbol' (lines '895'-'897').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:897:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:897:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:902:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultLocGraphic' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:902:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'resultLocGraphic' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:904:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:904:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:917:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the resetGraphicsLayers method if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:917:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the resetGraphicsLayers method if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:917:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:917:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:918:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:918:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:919:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:919:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:920:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:920:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:921:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:921:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:922:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:922:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:928:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the addGraphicLayers method if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:928:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the addGraphicLayers method if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:928:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:928:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:934:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:934:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:940:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:940:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:975:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:975:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:978:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sR' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:978:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sR' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:978:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sR
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:978:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sR
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:987:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:987:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:989:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:989:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:996:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'geocodeResults' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:996:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'geocodeResults' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:998:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:998:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1001:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1001:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1001:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1001:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1002:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1002:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1002:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1002:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1002:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1002:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1005:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1005:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1013:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1013:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1018:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1018:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1020:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1020:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1032:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1032:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1047:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sR' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1047:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sR' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1047:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sR
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1047:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sR
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1050:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1050:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1050:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapGeometry' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1050:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapGeometry' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1051:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1051:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1051:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapExtent' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1051:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapExtent' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1056:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1056:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1056:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1056:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1056:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'width' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1056:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'width' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1056:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 10000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1056:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 10000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1057:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1057:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1057:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1057:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1057:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'height' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1057:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'height' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1057:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 10000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1057:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 10000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1058:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1058:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1058:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xMax' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1058:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xMax' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1059:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1059:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1059:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xMin' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1059:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'xMin' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1060:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1060:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1060:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'yMax' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1060:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'yMax' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1061:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1061:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1061:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'yMin' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1061:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'yMin' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1074:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1074:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1074:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1074:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1077:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1077:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1095:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1095:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tv
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tv
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv_cancel' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv_cancel' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1115:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'iv_cancel' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1115:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'iv_cancel' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1115:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'iv_cancel' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1115:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'iv_cancel' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1124:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1124:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv_route' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv_route' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1133:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'iv_route' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1133:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'iv_route' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1133:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'iv_route' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1133:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'iv_route' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1137:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1137:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1138:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1138:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1146:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1146:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1146:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1146:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1147:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1147:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1162:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'distance'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1162:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'distance'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1162:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'time'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1162:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'time'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index_from' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index_from' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1175:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'index_from' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1175:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'index_from' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1175:	UseIndexOfChar:	UseIndexOfChar: String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1175:	UseIndexOfChar:	UseIndexOfChar: String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1175:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'index_from' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1175:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'index_from' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index_to' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index_to' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1176:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'index_to' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1176:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'index_to' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1176:	UseIndexOfChar:	UseIndexOfChar: String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1176:	UseIndexOfChar:	UseIndexOfChar: String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1176:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'index_to' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1176:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'index_to' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1177:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1177:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1178:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1178:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1179:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1179:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1180:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1180:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv_from' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv_from' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1183:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'tv_from' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1183:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'tv_from' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1183:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'tv_from' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1183:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'tv_from' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv_to' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1187:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv_to' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1187:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'tv_to' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1187:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'tv_to' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1187:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'tv_to' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1187:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'tv_to' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv_time' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv_time' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1197:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'tv_time' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1197:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'tv_time' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1197:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'tv_time' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1197:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'tv_time' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1198:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1198:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1199:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv_dist' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tv_dist' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1201:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'tv_dist' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1201:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'tv_dist' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1201:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'tv_dist' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1201:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'tv_dist' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1202:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv_cancel' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv_cancel' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1209:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'iv_cancel' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1209:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'iv_cancel' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1209:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'iv_cancel' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1209:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'iv_cancel' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1213:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1213:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1213:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1215:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1215:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1215:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1215:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1217:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1217:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv_directions' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1225:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iv_directions' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1225:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'iv_directions' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1225:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'iv_directions' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1225:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'iv_directions' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1225:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'iv_directions' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1229:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1229:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1229:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1230:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1230:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1238:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1238:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1238:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1238:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1239:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1239:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRoute' should not return void linguistically
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getRoute' should not return void linguistically
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originName' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originName' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRoute' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRoute' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRoute' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1252:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRoute' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeTaskURL' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeTaskURL' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1280:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1280:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1296:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1299:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1299:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1299:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1299:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1300:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1300:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1305:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1305:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1306:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1306:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1307:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1307:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'origin' (lines '1,325'-'1,374').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'origin' (lines '1,325'-'1,374').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'origin' (lines '1,325'-'1,374').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'origin' (lines '1,325'-'1,374').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'origin' (lines '1,325'-'1,374').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'origin' (lines '1,325'-'1,374').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'origin' (lines '1,325'-'1,374').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'origin' (lines '1,325'-'1,374').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1326:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1326:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1329:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1329:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1330:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1330:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1336:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1337:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1337:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1338:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1338:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1341:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1341:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1342:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1342:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1344:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1344:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1345:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1345:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1346:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1346:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1355:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1355:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1356:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1356:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1357:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1357:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1366:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1366:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1367:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1367:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1384:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1384:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1384:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1384:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1388:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1388:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1391:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1391:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1391:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'routeResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1391:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'routeResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1391:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1391:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1396:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1396:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1397:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1397:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes:	AvoidThrowingRawExceptionTypes: Avoid throwing raw exception types.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1399:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1399:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1409:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lineSymbol' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1409:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lineSymbol' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1410:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1410:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1410:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeGraphic' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1410:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeGraphic' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1414:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shape' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1414:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'shape' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1415:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startGraphic' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1415:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startGraphic' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endGraphic' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endGraphic' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1421:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1422:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1422:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1429:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1429:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1432:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1432:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1432:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1432:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1435:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1435:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1435:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'point' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1435:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'point' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1437:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bitmapDrawable' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1437:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bitmapDrawable' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1438:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1440:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'destinationSymbol' (lines '1,440'-'1,442').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1440:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'destinationSymbol' (lines '1,440'-'1,442').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1448:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'offsetY' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1448:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'offsetY' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1449:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1450:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1450:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1454:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'point' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1454:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'point' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1471:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1471:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1472:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1472:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1475:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1475:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'results' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1477:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1477:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1479:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1479:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1480:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1480:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1481:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1481:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1494:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'results' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1494:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'results' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1496:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1496:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1499:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1499:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1500:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1500:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1504:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bitmapDrawable' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1504:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bitmapDrawable' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1505:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1506:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'destinationSymbol' (lines '1,506'-'1,508').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1506:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'destinationSymbol' (lines '1,506'-'1,508').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1530:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1530:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1530:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'px' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1530:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'px' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1530:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like px
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1530:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like px
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1531:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metrics' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1531:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'metrics' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1535:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'itemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1535:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'itemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1540:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1540:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1540:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1540:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1544:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1544:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1545:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1545:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1555:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1555:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1555:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mapView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1555:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mapView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1560:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'motionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1560:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'motionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1561:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1561:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1565:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1565:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1567:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'point' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1567:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'point' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1569:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1569:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1569:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1569:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1570:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1570:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1572:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1572:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1572:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1572:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1581:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1581:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1581:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1581:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1585:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1585:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1588:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1588:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1588:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1591:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1591:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1604:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1604:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1606:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like locationChangedEvent
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1606:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like locationChangedEvent
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1606:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locationChangedEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1606:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locationChangedEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1608:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1608:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1608:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1608:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1608:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1608:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1609:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1609:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1609:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1609:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1617:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1617:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1617:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1617:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1619:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1619:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1619:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1619:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1621:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1621:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1621:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1621:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1621:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1621:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1627:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1627:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1627:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1627:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1628:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1628:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1632:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1632:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1632:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1632:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1633:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1633:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1634:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1634:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1640:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1640:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1649:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeParameters' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1649:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeParameters' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1651:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stops' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1651:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stops' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1652:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1652:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1653:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1653:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1654:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1654:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1656:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1656:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1657:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1657:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1658:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1658:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1659:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1659:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1665:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeResult' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1665:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeResult' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1667:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1667:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1667:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1667:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1667:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1667:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1669:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1669:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1673:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1673:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1674:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1674:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1675:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1675:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1679:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1679:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1680:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1680:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1681:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1681:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1688:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1688:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1689:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1689:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1690:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapFragment.java:1690:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:25:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:25:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:73:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:73:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:73:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:73:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:76:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PERMISSION_REQUEST_LOCATION
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PERMISSION_REQUEST_LOCATION
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:77:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_LOCATION_SETTINGS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:77:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_LOCATION_SETTINGS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:78:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_WIFI_SETTINGS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_WIFI_SETTINGS
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:79:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_ARCGIS_CRED
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:79:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_ARCGIS_CRED
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:80:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:81:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:81:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:81:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:82:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:82:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:86:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:86:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:86:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mDrawerList field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:86:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mDrawerList field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:86:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:86:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:87:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:87:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gpsEnabled' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gpsEnabled' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'internetConnected' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'internetConnected' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:123:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:123:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gpsIntent' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gpsIntent' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'internetIntent' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'internetIntent' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'which' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'which' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'which' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'which' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:150:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:150:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'resultCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:211:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:211:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'grantResults' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'grantResults' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissions' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'permissions' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:246:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:246:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fragmentManager' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fragmentManager' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:284:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:284:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'transaction' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'transaction' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:301:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:301:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:310:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapPortalItemId
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:310:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapPortalItemId
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:310:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'basemapPortalItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:310:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'basemapPortalItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:310:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'portalItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:310:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'portalItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fragmentManager' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fragmentManager' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:315:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentMapFragment' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentMapFragment' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:315:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like currentMapFragment
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:315:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like currentMapFragment
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapFragment' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mapFragment' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:324:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:325:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:327:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:327:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:343:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:343:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:354:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:354:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:358:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:358:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:361:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:361:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userInfoView' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userInfoView' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:363:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:363:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:374:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:374:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:374:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view_signOut' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:374:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view_signOut' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:374:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'view_signOut' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:374:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'view_signOut' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:374:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'view_signOut' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:374:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'view_signOut' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text_drawer_signOut' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text_drawer_signOut' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'text_drawer_signOut' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'text_drawer_signOut' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like text_drawer_signOut
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like text_drawer_signOut
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'text_drawer_signOut' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:375:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'text_drawer_signOut' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon_drawer_signOut' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon_drawer_signOut' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'icon_drawer_signOut' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'icon_drawer_signOut' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like icon_drawer_signOut
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like icon_drawer_signOut
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'icon_drawer_signOut' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:376:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'icon_drawer_signOut' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:379:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:379:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:384:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:384:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:390:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:390:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:390:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view_myMaps' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:390:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view_myMaps' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:390:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'view_myMaps' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:390:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'view_myMaps' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:390:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'view_myMaps' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:390:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'view_myMaps' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text_drawer_myMaps' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text_drawer_myMaps' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'text_drawer_myMaps' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'text_drawer_myMaps' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like text_drawer_myMaps
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like text_drawer_myMaps
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'text_drawer_myMaps' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:391:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'text_drawer_myMaps' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon_drawer_myMaps' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon_drawer_myMaps' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'icon_drawer_myMaps' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'icon_drawer_myMaps' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like icon_drawer_myMaps
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like icon_drawer_myMaps
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'icon_drawer_myMaps' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:392:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'icon_drawer_myMaps' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:394:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:394:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:400:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:400:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view_signIn' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:407:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view_signIn' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:407:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'view_signIn' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:407:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'view_signIn' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:407:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'view_signIn' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:407:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'view_signIn' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text_drawer_signIn' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text_drawer_signIn' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'text_drawer_signIn' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'text_drawer_signIn' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like text_drawer_signIn
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like text_drawer_signIn
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'text_drawer_signIn' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:408:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'text_drawer_signIn' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon_drawer_signIn' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon_drawer_signIn' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'icon_drawer_signIn' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'icon_drawer_signIn' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like icon_drawer_signIn
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like icon_drawer_signIn
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'icon_drawer_signIn' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:409:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'icon_drawer_signIn' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:411:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:411:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:417:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:417:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:424:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:424:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view_basemap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:424:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view_basemap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:424:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'view_basemap' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:424:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'view_basemap' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:424:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'view_basemap' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:424:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'view_basemap' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text_drawer_basemap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text_drawer_basemap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'text_drawer_basemap' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'text_drawer_basemap' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like text_drawer_basemap
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like text_drawer_basemap
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'text_drawer_basemap' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:425:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'text_drawer_basemap' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon_drawer_basemap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'icon_drawer_basemap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'icon_drawer_basemap' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'icon_drawer_basemap' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like icon_drawer_basemap
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like icon_drawer_basemap
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'icon_drawer_basemap' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:426:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'icon_drawer_basemap' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:427:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:427:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:428:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:428:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:435:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapsFrag' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:435:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapsFrag' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:439:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'itemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:439:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'itemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:461:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationManager' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:461:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locationManager' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:467:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connManager' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:467:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connManager' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:468:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:468:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'wifi' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:468:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'wifi' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:470:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:470:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:479:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:479:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:482:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:483:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:483:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:490:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:490:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:498:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:503:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:503:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:508:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'convertView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:508:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'convertView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:508:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:508:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:508:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:508:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:509:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'drawerItem' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:509:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'drawerItem' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/MapsAppActivity.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:35:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:35:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:53:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:53:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'portal' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'portal' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:71:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:71:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:72:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:72:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:77:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:77:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:78:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:78:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:79:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:79:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:80:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:80:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/AccountManager.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:55:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:55:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_OBTAIN_CLIENT_ID
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_OBTAIN_CLIENT_ID
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:65:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:65:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mPortalUrlEditText
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mPortalUrlEditText
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:66:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:66:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:67:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cancelButton' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cancelButton' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oAuthConfiguration' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oAuthConfiguration' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like oAuthConfiguration
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like oAuthConfiguration
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authenticationChallengeHandler' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'authenticationChallengeHandler' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:92:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationChallengeHandler
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:92:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationChallengeHandler
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activity' (lines '105'-'143').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activity' (lines '105'-'143').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activity' (lines '105'-'143').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activity' (lines '105'-'143').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:106:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:106:	SwitchDensity:	SwitchDensity: A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:106:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:106:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:106:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:106:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalInformation' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalInformation' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:123:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:123:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:127:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:127:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:128:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:128:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'after' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'after' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:146:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'before' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'before' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:150:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:154:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:154:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'url' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:178:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:178:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:178:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:178:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clientId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'clientId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activity' (lines '186'-'220').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activity' (lines '186'-'220').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activity' (lines '186'-'220').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activity' (lines '186'-'220').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:199:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:199:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:200:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:200:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:202:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '202'-'220').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:202:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '202'-'220').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:202:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '202'-'220').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:202:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '202'-'220').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:203:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:203:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:207:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:207:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:211:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:211:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:226:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:226:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:227:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '227'-'229').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:227:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '227'-'229').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:227:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '227'-'231').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/account/SignInActivity.java:227:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '227'-'231').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bt' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bt' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:37:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bt
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapItem.java:37:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bt
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mOnClickListener field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mOnClickListener field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:43:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:43:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mContext field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mContext field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mItems field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mItems field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:47:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:47:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'portalItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'portalItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'convertView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'convertView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newView' (lines '74'-'77').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newView' (lines '74'-'77').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newView' (lines '74'-'77').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newView' (lines '74'-'77').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inflater' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'inflater' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'image' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'image' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'text' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsAdapter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:47:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.esri.arcgisruntime.portal'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:47:	UnusedImports:	UnusedImports: Avoid unused imports such as 'com.esri.arcgisruntime.portal'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_BASEMAP_SEARCH_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_BASEMAP_SEARCH_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_CODE_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_CODE_PROGRESS_DIALOG
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBasemapsDialogListener
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mBasemapsDialogListener
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:61:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:61:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:67:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:67:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:67:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:67:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:67:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:67:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:67:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:80:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:80:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:87:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:87:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:103:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:103:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:144:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:144:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:157:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:157:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cachedItems' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cachedItems' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:163:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:163:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:172:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getBasemapsFromUserPortal' should not return void linguistically
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:172:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getBasemapsFromUserPortal' should not return void linguistically
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalInfo' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalInfo' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryParams' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryParams' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapGroupResult' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapGroupResult' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:191:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapGroupResult
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:191:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapGroupResult
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:195:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'group' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:195:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'group' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapQueryParams' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapQueryParams' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:197:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapQueryParams
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:197:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like basemapQueryParams
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:198:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:198:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:206:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:209:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:209:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:210:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:210:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:211:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:211:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:212:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:212:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:213:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:213:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:219:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:219:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:220:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:220:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:227:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:227:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalInfo' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalInfo' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:230:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseMapQueryString' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'baseMapQueryString' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:230:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like baseMapQueryString
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:230:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like baseMapQueryString
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:231:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:231:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryParams' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'queryParams' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupResults' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupResults' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapGroup' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapGroup' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'groupId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapQuery' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'basemapQuery' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:249:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:257:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:258:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:258:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:259:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:259:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:260:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:260:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:261:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:261:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:263:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:263:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:270:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:270:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:271:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:271:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:272:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:272:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:282:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getBasemapThumbnails' should not return void linguistically
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:282:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getBasemapThumbnails' should not return void linguistically
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:286:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:286:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemThumbnailData' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'itemThumbnailData' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bitmap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bitmap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:297:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:297:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalItemData' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'portalItemData' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:298:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:298:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:300:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:300:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:302:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:302:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:303:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/BasemapsDialogFragment.java:303:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:33:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:33:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:39:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:39:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:39:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:39:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:43:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:43:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:43:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'ourInstance' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:43:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'ourInstance' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:43:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'ourInstance' is not all capitals.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/basemaps/PersistBasemaps.java:43:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'ourInstance' is not all capitals.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_PROGRESS_MESSAGE
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_PROGRESS_MESSAGE
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:46:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:46:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:46:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:46:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:46:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:46:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dlg' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dlg' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'progressDlg' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'progressDlg' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activity' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activity' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetFragment' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetFragment' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/dialogs/ProgressDialogFragment.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mDirectionsDialogListener field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mDirectionsDialogListener field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mDirectionsDialogListener
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mDirectionsDialogListener
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mRoutingDirections field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mRoutingDirections field if you want a default access modifier
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRoutingDirections
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRoutingDirections
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:60:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:60:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:60:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:60:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:60:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:60:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'routingDirections' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'routingDirections' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listView' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listView' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:95:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:95:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activity' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'activity' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:100:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:100:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:105:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:105:	UselessOverridingMethod:	UselessOverridingMethod: Overriding method merely calls super
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:128:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DirectionsListAdapter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 25).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:128:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DirectionsListAdapter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 25).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:129:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directions' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'directions' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'convertView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'convertView' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'v' (lines '136'-'138').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'v' (lines '136'-'138').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:136:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:136:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'direction' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'direction' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:143:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'imageView' (lines '143'-'154').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:143:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'imageView' (lines '143'-'154').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'imageView' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:143:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'imageView' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'drawable' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'drawable' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lengthString' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lengthString' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:156:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRoutingIcon(DirectionManeuverType)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 33.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:156:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRoutingIcon(DirectionManeuverType)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 33.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maneuver' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maneuver' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:156:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'getRoutingIcon(DirectionManeuverType)' has a NCSS line count of 88.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:156:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'getRoutingIcon(DirectionManeuverType)' has a NCSS line count of 88.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:156:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRoutingIcon' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:156:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRoutingIcon' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'context' (lines '157'-'247').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'context' (lines '157'-'247').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:157:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:157:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:158:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:158:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:239:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:239:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:242:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/DirectionsDialogFragment.java:242:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:39:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'RoutingDialogFragment' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:39:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'RoutingDialogFragment' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:39:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'RoutingDialogFragment' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:39:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'RoutingDialogFragment' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ARG_END_POINT_DEFAULT
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ARG_END_POINT_DEFAULT
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRoutingDialogListener
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mRoutingDialogListener
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:58:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:58:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:58:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:58:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:58:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:58:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:78:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:78:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'container' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inflater' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'onCreateView' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'onCreateView' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'onCreateView' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:83:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'onCreateView' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'view' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startIconId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startIconId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start_icon' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start_icon' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:100:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'start_icon' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:100:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'start_icon' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:100:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'start_icon' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:100:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'start_icon' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endIconId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endIconId' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end_icon' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end_icon' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:104:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'end_icon' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:104:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'end_icon' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:104:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'end_icon' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:104:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'end_icon' is not final.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'swap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'swap' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeButton' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'routeButton' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:122:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:122:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:123:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:123:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:138:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:138:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:149:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:149:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:149:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'endPoint' (lines '150'-'194').
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:152:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:152:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:158:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:158:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newText' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newText' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:173:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:173:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:173:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:173:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:174:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:174:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:174:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endPoint' could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:176:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:176:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:181:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:181:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:182:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:182:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newText' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newText' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:201:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/location/RoutingDialogFragment.java:201:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:45:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mAngle'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:45:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mAngle'
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/tools/Compass.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'canvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/StringUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/StringUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/StringUtils.java:30:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/StringUtils.java:30:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/StringUtils.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/StringUtils.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/StringUtils.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/StringUtils.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:33:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:33:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:39:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:39:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:45:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:45:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:51:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
maps-app/src/main/java/com/esri/arcgisruntime/opensourceapps/mapsapp/util/TaskExecutor.java:51:	DoNotUseThreads:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
